# ZIS-RS 
This is a project I did for my final year of high school. It represents a hybrid between a website and program, containing some dynamic user interactions. The goal of this project is to enable an efficient and easy way of managing resources within one hospital system. It was done in HTML, CSS, JS, PHP and MySQL. It runs in XAMPP.
This system/website allows user to login in with four different ways - patient, nurse, doctor and administrator. Every type of entry has its own perks and authorities. 
Patients can view their medical record .i.e profile, they can also add new values in that profile such as history of diseases, injuries and so on. They can communicate with their doctors. Because there is a lot of staff, patients have a drop list of available doctors so they can initate communication. Besides communication, patients can make an appointment the same way, through the drop list. The appointment will appear in a table on the main page for patients. Within this project I tried to make an imitation of an ai chatbot. Its just automatic messages that appear when the user enters a specific word, that being symptome, disease, injury or a question of technical nature. Patients also have a page called pharmacy, that contains a simple list of all available products (because of the time limitation and because my professor said that its too much, I never implemented a cart or order system). Moving on to medical nurses. 
Nurses can also interact with doctors the same way patients do. When doctors finish a real life exam on a patients, they send a message to nurses. The nurses then change the status of appointments (That is how I envisioned it to work). 
Doctors can view messages they recieve or contact and view all of the nurses as well as view all appointments. On the main page there is a calendar containing a red dot on the date where an appointment is made.
Now the elephant in the room - administrator. The administrator can view everything, from all the users in the system, all the staff, all the appointments, all the products in the shop and etc. Administrators can change or delete everything. Now for this section I envisioned more, such as record of born, deceased, money earned through appointment status changes, blog and etc, but do to time constraints I didn't to it.
Now the aestethic and ideological part of the project. The whole idea and concept was a medical website/program for Serbs all around the world, with centers of this "ZIS RS" being in USA, Republika Srpska, Serbia, Austria, Australia and etc.
The HTML template was HighTech IT from ThemeWagon. 
This was all done in about three to four months, give or take. 


